Suggest updates and fixes to hello-world.md (#769)
mirage/mirage-www: data/wiki/hello-world.md

  Lwt.return_unit
```

Every Mirage unikernal must have a `start` function as its entry point. The

> `start` function for our `noop` unikernal but return an `Lwt` promise for a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`start` function for our `noop` unikernel returns an `Lwt` promise for a
```

    _dune_ build system.

3. Compiling:

    ```bash
    $ make build
    ```

You can combine steps (2) and (3) by running the default `make` target:

```bash
$ make
```

Because we set the configuration target to be Unix (the `-t unix` argument to
the `mirage configure` command), the result is a standard Unix ELF located in
`dist/noop` that can be executed:

```bash
$ dist/noop
$ echo $?
0
```

Congratulations! You've just built and run your very first unikernel!

### Step 1: Hello World!

Most programs will depend on some system devices which they use to interact with
the environment. In this section, we illustrate how to define unikernels that
depend on such devices. 

Mirage unikernals use *functors* to specify abstract device dependencies that
are not dependent on the particular details of an environment.  In OCaml, a
*functor* is a module that takes other modules as parameters.  Functors are used
widely throughout Mirage and we will explain the basic idea and provide examples
in this tutorial. For a proper introduction into the core concepts, you may see
[Real World OCaml, Ch.9][rwo-9] (and also [Ch.10, First-Class Modules][rwo-10]).

> [rwo-9]: https://realworldocaml.org/v1/en/html/functors.html

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[rwo-9]: https://dev.realworldocaml.org/functors.html
```

> [rwo-10]: https://realworldocaml.org/v1/en/html/first-class-modules.html

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[rwo-10]: https://dev.realworldocaml.org/first-class-modules.html
```

Functors act as functions from modules to modules. They allow us to pass
dependencies into a unikernel, so that the program running inside can interact
with the environment (read files, send packets, etc) without needing to care
whether it will eventually be built to target Unix, Xen, KVM, or something else
entirely. The modules that are passed into the unikernel in this way must
satisfy type signatures that are specified when the unikernel `job` value is
created in the `config.ml` file.  

In this section, we present a simple example of a unikernel that uses a functor

> to depend on a device for reading the systems time.  We will build and run the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to depend on a device for reading the system's time.  We will build and run the
```

Congratulations! You've just built and run your very first unikernel!

### Step 1: Hello World!

Most programs will depend on some system devices which they use to interact with
the environment. In this section, we illustrate how to define unikernels that
depend on such devices. 

Mirage unikernals use *functors* to specify abstract device dependencies that
are not dependent on the particular details of an environment.  In OCaml, a
*functor* is a module that takes other modules as parameters.  Functors are used
widely throughout Mirage and we will explain the basic idea and provide examples
in this tutorial. For a proper introduction into the core concepts, you may see
[Real World OCaml, Ch.9][rwo-9] (and also [Ch.10, First-Class Modules][rwo-10]).

> [rwo-9]: https://realworldocaml.org/v1/en/html/functors.html

Author: Yes, that's a good idea. Thanks :)

end
```

We define a main `Hello` module parameterised by a module `Time`, of type
`Mirage_time.S`. The `Time` module provides the functionality enabling us to
interact with the environment clock. Our `start` function also takes a parameter
`_time` (an instance of a `time` which is ignored). This parameterization of a
unikernel's main module and its `start` function is the basic structure required
to make a MirageOS unikernel that can be built to run on any supported
environment, rather than a standard OCaml POSIX application.

The module type for our `Time` module, `Mirage_time.S`, is defined in an
external package [mirage-time](https://github.com/mirage/mirage-time).  The name
pattern `Foo.S` for "the **s**ignature of `Foo` modules" is a common OCaml
convention (comparable to naming the most-used type in a module `t`).  There are
many packages defining module types for use in Mirage.

The concrete implementation of `Time` will be supplied at compile time,
depending on the target that you are compiling for. This calls for some
additional configuration  in `config.ml`, so let's take a look:

```ocaml
$ cat tutorial/hello/config.ml

open Mirage

> let main =

Reviewer: It's a bit confusing that we're using `main` twice here. Maybe `unikernel` or `hello` would be clearer.

be passed references to devices such as the console, network interfaces and
block devices on startup.

In general, a `config.ml` file is a normal OCaml module that calls `register` to
register one or more jobs, each of which represent a process (with a start/stop
lifecycle). Each job most likely depends on some device drivers; all the
available device drivers are defined in the `Mirage` module (see [the Mirage
module documentation](http://mirage.github.io/mirage/mirage/index.html)).

In this case, this simple `hello world` example requires some notion of time,
so we register a single `Job` consisting of the `Unikernel.Hello` module
(and, implicitly its `start` function) and pass it references to a
timer.

When we call `Mirage.main` we specify the devices our `Unikernal.Hello` program
depends on (a `time` device) and when we call `Mirage.register`, we provide
instructions about how to satisfy those dependencies (it will be given a
`default_time` device, suitable for the target it's eventually built for).

#### Building a Unix binary

> Lets test all of this by first configuring, building, and running the resulting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's test all of this by first configuring, building, and running the resulting
```

unikernel under Unix:

```bash
$ cd tutorial/hello
$ mirage configure -t unix
```

`mirage configure` generates a `Makefile` with all the build rules included from
evaluating the configuration file and a `mirage` directory. The `mirage`
directory includes generated files to run and build your program, including

- a `main.ml` that represents the entry point of your unikernel,
- and a `hello-unix.opam` file with a list of the packages necessary to build the
  unikernel.

Install the dependencies with

```bash
$ make depends
```

And build the unikernel with

```bash
$ make build
```

> Our Unix binary is built in the `dist` at `dist/hello`. Note that `make` simply

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our Unix binary is built as `dist/hello`. Note that `make` simply
```

```bash
$ cd device-usage/block
$ mirage configure -t unix
$ make depends

> $ make build

Reviewer 3: I don't know if `make build` or `dune build` is the most useful to mention here. Maybe just saying that after `make depend(s)` has run, the workspace is setup and can just be built using `dune` (no need to interact with the `mirage` tool nor the `Makefile` file again).

Reviewer 3: Note: we should probably hide this `make depends` into `mirage depends` at one point (and/or wait for `dune` to be able to deal with this directly as well)

Author: Yeah: I think it'd be lovely to be able to hide/remove the make invocations if possible.

On a related note, do you think the generated build artifacts during "configure" could end up being moved into `_build` at some point? It'd be cool to be able to run all the different configurations, and have those only set up different sub-trees in `_build` without having all the intermediate files changing the work tree.

Author: > Maybe just saying that after make depend(s) has run, the workspace is setup and can just be built using dune (no need to interact with the mirage tool nor the Makefile file again).

That removes a level of indirection, but introduces a third command, leaving the user with `mirage`, `make`, and `dune`, instead of just `mirage` and `make`. Is that trade off preferable?

Reviewer 2: > On a related note, do you think the generated build artifacts during "configure" could end up being moved into _build at some point? It'd be cool to be able to run all the different configurations, and have those only set up different sub-trees in `_build` without having all the intermediate files changing the work tree.

Sounds like a good suggestion to me, would you mind opening an issue on github.com/mirage/mirage about it?

> That removes a level of indirection, but introduces a third command, leaving the user with `mirage`, `make`, and `dune`, instead of just `mirage` and `make`. Is that trade off preferable?

I'm not sure. In the end I'd prefer to remove `make` from the process, since we won't get rid of `mirage` soon, and for more sophisticated things we need to interact with `dune` directly anyways. But indeed for the tutorial, I'd stick with `mirage` and `make`, and avoid `dune`. :)

Author: > Sounds like a good suggestion to me, would you mind opening an issue on github.com/mirage/mirage about it?

Happy to do so!
